Source/version: 
McTaggart et al., 2010, Notes on CTD/O2 Data Acquisition and Processing Using Sea-Bird Hardware and Software (as available).
Uchida et al., 2010, CTD Oxygen Sensor Calibration Procedures. 

A) Data quality control
1) After each cast examine differencees between primary and secondary sensors over a homogenous part of the water column
2) Compare SBE35 data with CTD temperature at bottle stops
3) Examine pre- and post-cast on-deck pressure over the course of the cruise
4) Compare data from most recent cast to previous casts
5) Compare CTD C and O to sample data as they become available
6) Suspect sensors with drift over 0.002 C (T), 0.005 mS/cm (C), 15 umol/kg (O), 2 dbar (P)

B) Data processing
1) SBE Data Conversion (raw to engineering units, outputs scan number, elapsed time, p, t0, t1, c0, c1, oxygen voltage(s), and other [e.g. optical sensor] voltages). Optionally, remove surface soak time at this stage, and apply oxygen sensor hysteresis and time lag corections (using nominal coefficients is not recommended). 
2) SBE Align CTD
3) SBE Bottle Summary
4) SBE Wild Edit
5) SBE Filter
6) SBE Cell Thermal Mass
7) SBE Loop Edit
8) SBE Derive
9) SBE Bin Average
10) SBE Translate

C) Data corrections
1) Adjust pressure using the deviation of the equilibrated surface pressure (10 minutes after power on) from atmospheric; generally only do this at the start of the cruise
2) Corrections to T and C calibrations
i) Use systematic comparisons between sensor data and an independent measure (e.g. SBE35, water sample salinity)
ii) Corrections can potentially vary by cast, but usually should be a very few different sets during the cruise, or slowly evolving with shifts only due to fouling or mechanical shock events
iii) Apply a viscous heating correction of -0.0006 C to T. Look for a slow linear drift in calibration. If no SBE35 is available, incorporate the pre- and post-cruise calibrations into a linear fit, then apply the value at the cruise midpoint as a single adjustment.  If SBE35 is available, remove pressure dependence of SBE35 vs SBE3+. Examine residual differences for other drifts. 
iv) Apply adjustments to conductivity ...
3) Correction to oxygen sensor calibration ...
i) hysteresis, upcast vs downcast matching ...
ii) nonlinear ...
a) Owens and Millard equation
b) SBE suggested equation
c) ODF
d) PMEL
iii) residuals after calibration should be small (< 2 umol/kg) and randomly distributed as far as station number, pressure, T, and O

D) Other?

